[Cache] Add marshaller (#17153)
symfony/symfony-docs: components/cache/adapters/apcu_adapter.rst

    this adapter.

The ApcuAdapter can optionally be provided a namespace, default cache lifetime,

> cache items version string and marshaller as constructor arguments::

Reviewer: We probably should add reference to marshallers docs: https://symfony.com/doc/current/components/cache.html#marshalling-serializing-data
```
:ref:`marshaller <marshalling-serializing-data>`
```

`components/cache.rst` must also be updated from

```
Marshalling (Serializing) Data
------------------------------
```

to

```
.. _marshalling-serializing-data:

Marshalling (Serializing) Data
------------------------------
```

        // when set, all keys prefixed by $namespace can be invalidated by changing
        // this $version string
        $version = null,
        

>         // marshaller (classe which implement MarshallerInterface) to process the cache items before storing them

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // marshaller (object implementing Symfony\Component\Cache\Marshaller\MarshallerInterface) to process the cache items before storing them
```
